[Music]
all right welcome to my channel I am
gamer man this is Ayla
we're here to open up some special
goodness it is what it is I'm a real
wasn't given to me just like that
[Music]
first time getting open it's just it's
just a box dollar des show you got your
paperwork paperwork what comes hello got
some stickers can't hurry read that but
this is the new it teaches you how to do
all of the new cuz there's no home
button now so you have to learn how to
go to the user home button and multitask
and all that good stuff
pretty neat let's save that just have to
read up on that one
hey all right let's pull this up hey
there's the phone
space crated do you believe what it's
called okay I'm gonna put it down for
just a second
see what else we get in here we have the
basic cheap 5 watt charger I wish they
would make that better some Apple
earpods with the dongle because you have
to have that dongle and what is that
it's a charger that's right the
four-year-old knows what the charger is
all standard-issue standard-issue stuff
so all back right here let's get the
classic off of this one like that
satisfying pull that up just like that
like that and like that that is the new
iPhone 10 iPhone 10 I did see if it
turns on
first it was slow as they can wait did
it give me one that is not working this
is a 5.8 inch screen and it's an OLED in
hello hello good this whole setup here
real quick it has auto auto tone so it
actually changed to brighten the color
of the screen to match the lighting with
me
so there we go quick unboxing you can
read that and give me a thumbs up so
quick unboxing thanks for being here
this is the iPhone 10 it's not X 10
please like and subscribe to my channel
I am gamer mint this is ava we'll see
you next time